very good and that we are again in
minecraft to bring a new movement
graph 1.7 point 10 called now sniffer
it works according so I'm not going to
download it and install it and this mode
consists of this block if you like
mind in hand that what helps us is
to between quotes smell the smells is a
quite strange thing I know there are several
modes that do similar things but
this does a pretty weird thing for
example we had that I know I went up 1
Once what I was doing was putting a
mask or something like that with that I already knew
where were the closest soft
but this what you do when you put it
on the ground for example is 2 is
everything just directly like that is in a
radius of 25 by 25 by 25 a radius
cubic good diameter forgiveness and good
As you can see there are also blocks like
sandstone that is something that does not reach me
Like it in the confech or you can
get to remove because a block of
sandstone because it is not that it is so
special not but for example as you see
also it goes in the coal also
distance we are from the coal
how to see if I go away is growing if I
acerco is also decreasing here
we have for example iron as you see in
this part we have iron this
we are just looking at is a block
of iron and here comes the distance to the
what
we do not have and if we go a little more to
the depth we will also find
other ingots or diamonds or whatever
more valuable for example gold the
diamond evil and so on then
how do you create yourself directly from
this way is worth 8 of iron ingot
plus a diamond and we have the sniper and
Now let's go here for the
depths because I have how are you
seeing there you can see that he has been
using it and in quotes around here
should have a hole that always
I always lose maybe here is the
hole I came here because as
You will see here this part, because I have this
the sniper that was studying in a
degree of 25 by 25 and with this we can
find the diamond the iron the network
this the coal because we have more iron
more diamond etcetera and for example this
gold that is here does not reach it
find because it is already out of the radius
of 25 by 25 with the radio
forgiveness diameter of 25 by 25 would be 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 and 12 stays at 2
what is just that it comes out
example if this took it away from here and what
put here then as it is the one yes yes that
it looks in principle it should not but good
you see the thing as I'm seeing it makes
in the short distance for example I
I think more or less the diameter of a
zoom or something so that you see everything
that we have both above and below as
to all sides and the truth that is
quite well the thing will also be
people who say hey, I'm very quiet
So, I do not like it
you can find all three so easily
Hey, well you're aware of if you
you install now uses the landmarks
downloaded is not worth it depends on the
likes of each one if you want to play with
this kind of mods or not and well then in
my case I think it's pretty cool
I believe that because here it is worth
these guarantees the ingot in purple
because how cool is not activated
example here is the normal rest and be
active or change the ingot changes the
icon because it does not have an icon
to subtract activated and that's it then
good to avoid this here we go
He gave back to where there was not
up where is the exit here
come here he has not come here perfect
is that I have air holes in here
half of the water I do not know why surely
for some other way that I will have had
since the water will have changed for some
another block but good thing is this
beautiful boy is presented a lot
You can press the new favorite X's
next video
see you later